---
layout: single
permalink: /clans/rev2G
title: WiP 2.G See Other Post
date: 2022-10-01T19:15:00-00:00
toc: true
toc_label: "Clan Info and FAQ"
author_profile: true
author: WilliamLC
classes: wide
categories: Clans
tags: 2.G
---
Rules and info for War Snipers 2.G #298VGUJ2
Easter egg - This update is under construction and is not yet in force. Please see [the real page](https://warsnipers.com/clans/2G) instead, thank you.

***

| **Clan Name:** | War Snipers 2.G |
| **Clan Tag:** | [#298VGUJ2](https://link.clashofclans.com/en?action=OpenClanProfile&tag=298VGUJ2){: .btn .btn--primary} [Open Clash of Stats](https://www.clashofstats.com/clans/war-snipers-2.g-298VGUJ2/members/){: .btn .btn--info} |
| **Clan Level:** | 30 |
| **Leader:** | WilliamLC#8374 |

***

# What is expected of me as a member of the clan?

### 1. All Members must donate a minimum of 1000 troops and receive a minimum of 1000 troops per season.
{:.no_toc}
- Members at *Town Hall 11* are exempt from the *Donations minimum*.
- Clashperks */donations* command in #ws2g-bot will be used to determine your stats each season.
- **Please be specific with your troop requests.** If you do not wish to use the in-game feature to request a specific composition, you may list the troops you want or ask for “Any Ground” or “Any Air”. If at all possible, please do not request just any! If you choose to do so, you may recieve any unit, even ones you may not want.

**We do not enforce any Donation/Request ratio.** So long as you are meeting the donation requirement, you may request as much as you want.
{: .notice--info}

### 2. Must use ALL Clan Capital attacks during the Raid Weekend.
{:.no_toc}
+ You may bring in alts temporarily to contribute capital gold at any time, but you may not attack on them until the last **24 hours** of the Raid Weekend to give everyone a fair chance to attack.
+ Use of the Forge is appreciated, but *NOT REQUIRED*.

If other players are online attacking districts, please call out your attacks. Only attack a district that has been hit already if no one in chat is planning to finish it. If in doubt, ask, dont snipe.
{: .notice--danger}

### 3. Must earn a minimum of 500 points from the monthly Clan Games.
{:.no_toc}
### 4. Must use both attacks in FWA wars as directed by the clan mail.
{:.no_toc}
+  **On a win war:**
	- **First Attack:** *Three star your mirror*
	- **Second Attack:** *Loot any base for 1 or 2 stars* **OR** Cleanup ⌄
	- **Cleanup (8h or less remaining):** *With your Second Attack, three star any base that has not already been 3 starred*
+  **On a loss war:**
	- **First Attack:** *Two star your mirror*
	- **Second Attack:** *Loot any base for 1 star* **OR** Cleanup ⌄
	- **Cleanup (8h or less remaining):** *With your Second Attack, two star any base that has not already been 2 starred*
+ **If you are attacking late** (*Less than 8h remaining*) and your mirror has already been cleared, use your first attack on a base that has not already been cleared for **3 stars** (*in a win*) or **2 stars** (*in a loss*), then loot or cleanup with your second attack as normal.
	- If all bases have been cleared, *attack your mirror anyway*.
	- <span style="color:#B22222; font-weight:bold">Never attack 1 & 2</span>, you will be kicked immediately.
+ **On a blacklisted or mismatched war:**
	- **Switch to REAL war base** during Prep Day, **switch back to FWA** once War Day has started.
	- Use resources posted in the 2.G Announcements channel on Discord, if available.
	- **Use both attacks** to claim 2 or 3 stars from war bases as directed in the announcements channel.

+ Failing war attacks due to disconnections will not be counted against you, however failing due to bringing an improper army will. If you're unsure how to 3 star a FWA base effectively and efficiently, watch your other clanmates replays, and if necessary, request a friendly challenge so you can practice.

Repeatedly over or understarring will result in removal from the clan.
{: .notice--info}

### 5. Must notify leadership BEFORE leaving the clan or going inactive.
{:.no_toc}
+ Regardless of reason, you must notify leadership in #ws2g-chat on discord or in a DM (Direct Message) to the Leader **at least 2 days in advance.**
	- You may remain in the clan if you have been or will be inactive for less than 10 days.
	- If you will be inactive for longer than 10 days, you may be asked to leave until you can be active again.
	- If you have been inactive without notice for an extended period of time, Leadership reserves the right to remove you from the clan at any time and without further warning.
	- If you leave the clan to join another without giving notice, you will not be able to rejoin the clan quickly later, and may be banned from rejoining entirely.

### 6. Excercise 'Common Sense'
{:.no_toc}
+ Do not donate to the war clan castles or switch to a real war base during FWA wars or CWL.
+ Follow the Discord servers rules and Supercells' Terms of Service while you are a member of the clan.
	+ Do not use game modifications or external tools/bots on your account. 
	+ Avoid using online services such as 'cheap gem' sellers, account boosters, or similar, as they can steal your account and your money.
	+ Do not share access to your Clash of Clans account or Discord account with anyone, even friends or family. You are responsible for any actions taken through your account.
	+ Do not try to buy or sell game accounts through any clan chats.
	+ Do not share links or details of ToS breaking activity in any clan chats.
	+ Remain civil and avoid using excessive amounts of vulgar language when interacting with your clanmates.

> <span style="color:#00adb5; font-size:1.25em; font-weight:bold">The code for new members is "Purple Platypus"</span><br>
> You may DM it to me now

***

# I want to participate in SCCWL, where and how can I do that?
Our clan works with a few other clans in our discord to organize CWL in new seperate clans. This allows us to run Lazy CWL at the same time as our FWA wars. Spots in CWL are first come, first served. Details for the current season will be announced by @Justin in the ws2g-announcements channel on Discord. Enabling push notifications for that channel is recommended.

Interested members must thoroughly read the following document: [CWL Guidelines and Frequently Asked Questions](https://tiny.cc/cwlhelp "You agree to follow these rules whether you have read them or not" ). Once the announcement has been posted, you will need to join one of the clans in the message within 24 hours of it being posted. Throughout the week, you will hop to your CWL clan (Bookmark it!) for attacks then immediately return to the main clan.

CWL participation is an optional perk for clan members, but it is also a privilege. Members may be banned from CWL or removed from the clan for any of the following reasons:
- Joining but not attacking in CWL, leading to a wasted spot
- Lingering excessively in the CWL clan
- Attacking improperly in CWL
- Having a REAL war base set at any time
- Leaving for CWL after FWA war has ended and missing sync

We do not allow members to do CWL with outside clans. If you intend to leave for your own CWL you will lose your spot and have to reapply. There is no guarantee that you will be able to get back into one of our clans right away following the end of CWL, especially if you demonstrate that you will leave every season.

***

# Who are the clans leaders and how can I reach them?

[Lead] WilliamLC (WilliamLC#8374), [Lead] Justin (Justin#1676), [Co] Godzmack (Godzmack#2542), and [Co] Queen Do / Interesse (petervdb#0348)

The best way to contact leadership is to @ mention their Discord username in #ws2g-chat or message them directly.

This is the quickest way to get an answer to any questions you may have. Messages posted in in-game chat will be missed.

***

# I'm interested in helping out the clan as an Elder or Co, what do I need to know?
Players who are getting noticed as actively requesting and donating will be promoted to Elder during CWL week.

As an elder:
- When you're online, please accept any members returning from CWL who have included "back" "cwl" or similar in their join request.
- Do not invite any players who are not members of the clan without permission.
- Never EVER kick a player, please report any issues directly to leadership and allow them to handle any situations that arise.
	
Promotion to Co:
- You must be a stable and active member who has been with the clan for a minimum of 3-6 months.
- You must be regularly active in and participate as a part of the community on Discord.
- You must demonstrate the ability to reliably respond to messages and DMs quickly, within reason.
	
Promotion to FWA Rep:
- Must be willing to install and use the app BAND
- Must be available to start wars across a range of times
- Must not leak FWA sync times to non-reps

***

# I would like to bring an alt account into the clan
Members may be allowed to bring in an alt by the discretion of leadership. The minimum requirements are as follows:
+ You must be in the clan for an extended time, alts will generally not be taken on first join or within the first month of membership.
+ You must be in good standing with the clan. If you have not met the activity requirements or have missed too many wars in the past few seasons, you will not be allowed to bring in an alt.
+ Your account must meet the eligibility requirements set by the server (use the *!reqs* command on Discord to see the most up to date requirements.)
+ Your alt will be subject to the same activity requirements as your main. Either account may be removed from the clan if it is not meeting the requirements.
