---
layout: single
permalink: /clans/2G
title: War Snipers 2.G
date: 2023-12-28T19:15:00-00:00
toc: true
toc_label: "Clan Info and FAQ"
author_profile: true
author: WilliamLC
classes: wide
categories: Clans
tags: 2.G
---
Rules and info for War Snipers 2.G #298VGUJ2

***

| **Clan Name:** | War Snipers 2.G |
| **Clan Tag:** | [#298VGUJ2](https://link.clashofclans.com/en?action=OpenClanProfile&tag=298VGUJ2){: .btn .btn--primary} [Open Clash of Stats](https://www.clashofstats.com/clans/war-snipers-2.g-298VGUJ2/members/){: .btn .btn--info} |
| **Clan Level:** | 34 |
| **Leader:** | Mizuki (WilliamLC) |

***

# What is expected of me as a member of the clan?

### 1. All Members must donate and receive a combined minimum of 3000 total troops per season.
{:.no_toc}
- Troops requested for attacks **AND** donated to clanmates count toward this total.
  - Clashperks <span style="color:#3fa63f; font-style:italic">/donations</span> command in #ws2g-bot will be used to determine your stats each season.
- **We do not enforce any Donation/Request ratio.** All members are encouraged to request as much as possible.
- If you request for any, you may receive any unit, including ones you may not want.

Members doing the bare minimum to remain in the clan may, at the discretion of leadership, be removed from the clan at any time if a spot needs to be opened up.
{: .notice--info}

### 2. Use ALL Clan Capital attacks during the Raid Weekend.
{:.no_toc}
+ **Members must finish attacking a district before starting a new one.** Never leave a district at a high percentage if you have attacks remaining, **clean up your mess.**
+ Members with alts may join to use attacks in the last **24 hours** of the Raid Weekend.

If other players are online attacking districts, coordinate with them in chat. Always ask before attacking a district someone else has started.
{: .notice--info}

### 3. Use both attacks in FWA wars as directed by the clan mail.
{:.no_toc}
+ **Attack your mirror within the first 16 hours of war day.**
	- Always check the clan mails and **scout the opponents base** before attacking.
	- After 16 hours have elapsed, you are considered late and your mirror can be claimed by any other member.
	- If you've logged in late and your mirror has been attacked, use your first attack on a base that has not already been cleared for **3 stars** (*in a win*) or **2 stars** (*in a loss*), then loot or cleanup with your second attack as normal.
		- If all bases have been cleared, *attack your mirror anyway*.
		- <span style="color:#B22222; font-weight:bold">Never attack 1 & 2.</span> Doing so without permission is grounds for immediate removal from the clan.		
+ **Cleanup time starts at the 8 hours remaining mark**
	- At this time, you may use your second attack on a base that has not already been cleared for **3 stars** (*in a win*) or **2 stars** (*in a loss*)
	- The mirrors of co/lead filler accounts and members who have been kicked from the clan may be cleaned up **at any time**.

### 3a. Double check mails and be mindful when attacking in war
{:.no_toc}
- Make sure you are bringing a proper army into battle when attacking for 3 stars.
  - If you're unsure how to 3 star a FWA base effectively and efficiently, watch your other clanmates replays, and if necessary, request a friendly challenge so you can practice.
  - You may receive a warning or strike if you fail your mirror attack repeatedly without notifying a co or lead.
- **Pay attention** when attacking for 1 and 2 stars to avoid overstarring.

### 4. Earn a minimum of 500 points from the monthly Clan Games.
{:.no_toc}

### 5. Notify leadership BEFORE leaving the clan or going inactive.
{:.no_toc}
+ Regardless of reason, you must notify leadership in a DM (Direct Message) to the Leader **at least 2 days in advance.**
	- The maximum amount of time you may be inactive without losing your spot is **10 days**. If you have not given notice within this time, you may be removed from the clan at any time and without further warning.
	- If you leave the clan to join another without giving notice, you will not be able to rejoin the clan quickly later, and may be banned from rejoining entirely.
- You may be eligible for an exemption from clan requirements if you inform in advance.

### 6. Exercise 'Common Sense'
{:.no_toc}
+ Do not donate to the war clan castles or switch to a real war base during FWA wars or CWL.
+ Do not 3 star in loss wars or take full stars from another members mirror before cleanup time.
+ Do not use game modifications or external tools/bots on your account.
+ Do not use online services like 'cheap gem' sellers, account boosters, or similar services.
+ Do not try to buy or sell game accounts through any clan chats.
+ Do not share access to your Clash of Clans account or Discord account with anyone, even friends or family. You are responsible for any actions taken through your account.
+ Do not share links or details of ToS breaking activity in any clan chats.
+ Remain civil and avoid using excessive amounts of vulgar language when interacting with your clanmates.

> <span style="color:#00adb5; font-size:1.25em; font-weight:bold">The code for new members is "[Purple Platypus](https://youtu.be/CITrqyliiUM)"</span><br>
> You may DM it to me now

***

# I want to participate in SCCWL, where and how can I do that?
Our clan works with a few other clans in our discord to organize CWL in new separate clans. This allows us to run Lazy CWL at the same time as our FWA wars. Spots in CWL are first come, first served. Details will be announced by @Justin in the ws2g-announcements channel on Discord. Enabling push notifications for that channel is recommended.

Interested members must thoroughly read the following document: [CWL Guidelines and Frequently Asked Questions](/cwl "You agree to follow these rules whether you have read them or not" ). Once the announcement has been posted, you will need to join one of the clans in the message within 24 hours of it being posted. Throughout the week, you will hop to your CWL clan (Bookmark it!) for attacks then immediately return to the main clan.

CWL participation is an optional perk for clan members, but it is also a privilege. Members may be banned from CWL or removed from the clan for any of the following reasons:
- Joining but not attacking in CWL, leading to a wasted spot
- Lingering excessively in the CWL clan
- Attacking improperly in CWL
- Having a REAL war base set at any time
- Leaving for CWL after FWA war has ended and missing sync

We do not permit members to join CWL with an outside clan while remaining a member of 2.G. By doing so, you give up your spot with no guarantee one will be available later. Those leaving without notice/at the last minute will be banned from rejoining.

***
# How does the Strike System work?
Strikes are used by leadership to keep track of offenses. You will be notified in the [ws2g-strikes](https://discord.com/channels/659027277706821643/1069688242342985729) channel when you have been given a strike. There is no hard limit to the number of strikes a member can receive, any number can result in removal from the clan.

Leadership reserves to have the right to remove any member if they are deemed to be doing the minimum for multiple seasons continuously, the member is not being a team player, or they're the most inactive of their respective townhall and we need to adjust weight for FWA matchmaking.

You can see how many strikes you have by entering any bot channel and using the command *!strikes*

### Strikes are given for:
{:.no_toc}
#### **War Offenses**:
{:.no_toc}
- Not attacking mirror first
- Using only one war attack
- Missing both war attacks
- Failure to follow war plan - 1 or 0 starring mirror <span style="color:#fdc500; font-style: italic">Medium</span>
-  Failure to follow war plan - 3 starring on loss <span style="color:#fd8c00; font-style: italic">High</span>
-  Hitting 1 & 2 without permission <span style="color:#B22222; font-style: italic">Critical</span>

#### **Clan minimums**:
{:.no_toc}
- Missing the Clan Games minimum <span style="color:#fdc500; font-style: italic">Medium</span>
- Less than 3 000 combined total donations and receives per season <span style="color:#fdc500; font-style: italic">Medium</span>

#### **Raid Weekend**:
- Started but did not use all attacks during raid weekends (Should be at 6 out of 6 attacks, a warning will be given once if at 5 out of 5) <span style="color:#fdc500; font-style: italic">Medium</span>
- Did not attack in raid weekend at all <span style="color:#fdc500; font-style: italic">Medium</span>
- Attacking a new district while leaving another at a high percentage <span style="color:#fd8c00; font-style: italic">High</span>

#### **CWL**:
- Lingering in the CWL clan for more than 1 hour *Warning*
- Not attacking mirror in CWL <span style="color:#fdc500; font-style: italic">Medium</span>
- Missing an FWA sync during CWL <span style="color:#fd8c00; font-style: italic">High</span>
#### **Miscellaneous**:
{:.no_toc}
- Being reported for wrong donations in the clan <span style="color:#fd8c00; font-style: italic">High</span>
- Not switching your base during blacklisted wars <span style="color:#fd8c00; font-style: italic">High</span>
- Not using both attacks in blacklisted wars <span style="color:#fd8c00; font-style: italic">High</span>
- Not fixing errors in FWA base within 48 hours of being notified <span style="color:#780000; font-style: italic; background-color: #000000">Instant kick</span>
- any violation of Rule 6 <span style="color:#780000; font-style: italic; background-color: #000000">Instant kick</span>

Offenses above have the following values:
*Unmarked* 1 strike,  <span style="color:#fdc500; font-style: italic">Medium</span> 1-2 strikes,  <span style="color:#fd8c00; font-style: italic">High</span> 2-3 strikes,  <span style="color:#B22222; font-style: italic">Critical</span> 3-5 strikes
{: .notice--danger}

***

# Who are the clans leaders and how can I reach them?

| Role | Name | In-Game Name | Discord Username |
|---|------|--------------------|--------------|
| Lead | William | WilliamLC | kmizuki |
| Lead | Justin | justinlee1689 | feelslikejustin |
| Co | - | Doraxamena | xamena. |
| Co | Pat | Godzmack | patrosinyo |
| Co | - | Mäx天魔 | 69max |
| Co | Shen | N0NaM3 | shen6382 |
| Co | Peter | Queen Do / Interesse | petervdb.32 |
| Co | - | TheeKB | theekb |

The best way to contact leadership is to @ mention their Discord username in #ws2g-chat or message them directly. This is the quickest way to get an answer to any questions you may have. Messages posted in-game will be missed.
{: .notice--info}

***

# I'm interested in helping out the clan as an Elder or Co, what do I need to know?
Requirements for promotion to elder (in-game):
  - Must be a member of the clan for at least <span style="color:#3fa63f; font-style:italic">one full season</span>.
  - Combined D/R total of at least **6 000** in the previous season.
  - Earn **4 000** points in the last Clan Games.
  - No more than 1 strike in the last month.
  
As an elder (in-game):
- When you're online, please accept any members returning from CWL who have included "back" "cwl" or similar in their join request.
- Do not invite any players who are not members of the clan without permission. (*Alts for capital attacks excluded*)
- Never kick another member, please report any issues directly to leadership and allow them to handle any situations that arise.

Requirements for promotion to Server Elder:
- Must be a member for at least <span style="color:#3fa63f; font-style:italic">3 months</span> and be regularly active in our Discord community.
- Must demonstrate the ability to reliably respond to messages and DMs quickly, within reason.
- Must be willing to volunteer some time assisting with the clans recruitment process.

Requirements for promotion to Co:
- All of the above from *Server Elder* and...
- Must be a stable and active member who has been with the clan for a minimum of <span style="color:#3fa63f; font-style:italic">6 months</span>.
- Must be willing to volunteer time taking care of clan affairs, such as:
    - Checking our FWA bases for errors
    - Reviewing player stats such as D/R, CG, War attacks, etc. and assigning strikes accordingly.
    - Assisting with CWL, Raid Weekend coordination and bases, and blacklisted wars.

***

# What do I need to do to join on an additional account?
Members may be allowed to bring in an alt by the discretion of leadership. The minimum requirements are as follows:
+ You must be in the clan for at least 3 months and be elder, Alts will not be taken on first join.
+ You must have remained in good standing with the clan in that time, no strikes, missed attacks, etc.
+ Your account must be at least TH11.
+ Your alt will be subject to the same activity requirements as your main. Either account may be removed from the clan if it is not meeting the requirements.
