---
permalink: /clans/20
title: War Snipers 2.0
date: 2023-06-20T13:27:00-00:00
toc: true
toc_label: "Table of Contents"
author_profile: true
author: Branga
classes: wide
categories: Clans
tags: 2.0

---
**General Information**
War Snipers 2.0 is a laid back, war farming clan associated with Farm War Alliance (FWA). We exist to allow Clashers a chance to farm in an active clan without the responsibility or pressure of mastering three-star war attacks. War Farming also ensures that members get the max amount of loot from war while working towards their War Hero achievement.

We do not allow or tolerate abusive, racist, or sexist language towards clan members. Any member who uses such language will be instantly kicked.

---
**About War Snipers 2.0**
| **Clan Name:** | War Snipers 2.0 |
| **Clan Tag:** | [#8VLJPLC2](https://link.clashofclans.com/en?action=OpenClanProfile&tag=8VLJPLC2) ([Open Clash of Stats](https://www.clashofstats.com/clans/war-snipers-2.0-8VLJPLC2/members/)) |
| **Clan Level:** | 32 |
|**Clan Leader:** | Branga (Branga#5638 on Discord) |
|**Requirements:** | Please see discord for most updated requirements with !reqs. |
|**Join Us:** | [On Discord](https://warsnipers.com/discord)  |

---

## What is expected of me as a member of the clan?
### 1. Must follow rules regarding donations/requests:
{:.no_toc}
- Members must donate a minimum of <span style="color:#3fa63f; font-style:italic">250</span> troops and receive a minimum of <span style="color:#3fa63f; font-style:italic">250</span> troops per week.
- Members at <span style="color:#3fa63f; font-style:italic">Town Hall 11</span> must donate a minimum of <span style="color:#3fa63f; font-style:italic">250</span> troops and receive a minimum of <span style="color:#3fa63f; font-style:italic">250</span> troops per week.
- Elders must donate a minimum of <span style="color:#3fa63f; font-style:italic">2500</span> troops and receive a minimum of <span style="color:#3fa63f; font-style:italic">2500</span> troops per season.
- The total number will go up or down depending on the length of the season, but donating correctly as much as possible will keep you in accordance with the rules.
- Clashperk's <span style="color:#3fa63f; font-style:italic">/donations</span> in #ws2x-bot will be used to determine your donations each season.
- **Read the troop request text carefully before donating.** If there is a request for “Any” or other non-specific requests, you can donate any troop except regular goblins, healers, or any type of wall breakers. They should only be donated if specifically requested.
- Try not to be too picky when requesting, so everyone can donate and you can get your donation quicker. You should avoid using raid medals for requests unless no one else is online or you're bypassing the request cooldown.
- **We do not enforce any Donation/Request ratio.** So long as you are meeting the donation requirement, you may request as much as you want. (The clan leader reserves the right to ask you to improve your donation ratio if deemed necessary.)
- If you mistakenly donated a wrong troop, own up immediately in chat. If you receive a troop not in your request, report immediately in chat, regardless of whether you can identify the donator.

**Minimums are intended to be exceeded**, Leadership reserves the right to remove any member who is only doing the bare minimum should the clan need to adjust its war weight or open up a spot.
{: .notice--info}

### 2. Must use ALL Clan Capital attacks during the Raid Weekend.
{:.no_toc}
- Make sure you attack in the **first 60** hours to avoid having your spot taken by an alt. Please use all of your attacks, so all 6 attacks.
- *You will be able to obtain an extra attack on top of your 5 attacks when you triple a base. So in total you will have 6 attacks*. (if the sword turns gold, you have got the extra attack)
- **NEVER END BATTLES!!** If you run out of time and still have attacks left please finish off the base.
- You may bring in alts temporarily to contribute capital gold at any time, but you may not attack on them until the last **12 hours** of the Raid Weekend to give everyone a fair chance to attack.
- Use of the Forge is appreciated, but *NOT REQUIRED*.

Please be attentive to other clanmates. If someone is attacking a base, do not snipe it and let them finish it off. If unclear you could ask in-game/discord chat. Or check if they have used up all their attacks already.
{: .notice--info}

### 3. Must earn a minimum of 1000 points from the monthly Clan Games.
{:.no_toc}

### 4. Must use both attacks in FWA wars as directed by the clan mail.
{:.no_toc}
+  **WIN war:**
1st attack: 3 star your mirror <br>
2nd attack: 1 star #1 base or wait for cleanup <br>
Cleanup: **10 hours** before war ends for unattacked bases, or anytime, when incorrectly attacked **OR** If all bases have already been cleared, see cleanup section below. <br>

+ **LOSE war:**

  1st attack: 2 star your mirror <br>
   2nd attack: 1 star #1 base or wait for cleanup <br>
   Cleanup: **10 hours** before war ends for unattacked bases, or anytime, when incorrectly attacked **OR**  If all bases have already been cleared, see cleanup section below. <br>

+ **Cleanups:**
Cleanups are optional. <br>
Cleanups are when you can hit other unattacked bases after the specified hour. <br>
If YOUR mirror is taken, you may hit another base that was incorrectly attacked/has not been hit yet for your first attack. Second attack as normal OR cleanup another base. <br>
If all bases are all cleared, <span style="color:#B22222; font-weight:bold">DO NOT hit 1 and 2</span>, you should hit your mirror as your first attack and second attack as normal.

### 4a. Make sure you use a proper strategy when attacking for 3 stars
{:.no_toc}
- You may receive a warning or strike if you fail your mirror attack repeatedly without notifying the leader.
- If you're unsure how to 3 star a FWA base effectively and efficiently, watch your other clanmates replays, and if necessary, request a friendly challenge so you can practice.
- Repeatedly over or under-starring will result in strikes and an eventual removal from the clan.

### 4b. On a Non-FWA war (*Blacklisted clan or Mismatch*):
{:.no_toc}
- **On a blacklisted war:**
 - **Switch to REAL war base** during Prep Day, **switch back to FWA** once War Day has started.
 - Use resources posted in the clan announcements channel on Discord, if available.
 - **Use both attacks** to claim 2 or 3 stars from war bases as directed in the announcements channel.
- **On a mismatch war:**
  Follow all clan mail sent through Discord and in-game. The clan mails will decide on whether or not we switch to war bases. **(Do not switch bases unless instructed to via discord or clan mail.)**

### 5. Must notify leadership BEFORE leaving the clan or going inactive.
{:.no_toc}
+ Regardless of reason, you must notify leadership in a DM (Direct Message) to the Leader/Co-Leader **at least 2 days in advance.**
	- The maximum amount of time you may be inactive without losing your spot is **10 days**. If you have not given notice within this time, you may be removed from the clan at any time and without further warning.
	- If you leave the clan to join another without giving notice, you will not be able to rejoin the clan quickly later, and may be banned from rejoining entirely.
+ You may be eligible for an exemption of clan requirements if you inform in advance.

### 6. Exercise 'Common Sense'
{:.no_toc}
+ Do not donate to the war clan castles or switch to a real war base during FWA wars or CWL.
+ Do not 3 star in loss wars or take full stars from another members mirror before cleanup time.
+ Do not use game modifications or external tools/bots on your account.
+ Avoid using online services such as 'cheap gem' sellers, account boosters, or similar, as they can steal your account and your money.
+ Do not share access to your Clash of Clans account or Discord account with anyone, even friends or family. You are responsible for any actions taken through your account.
+ Do not try to buy or sell game accounts through any clan chats.
+ Do not share links or details of ToS breaking activity in any clan chats.
+ Remain civil and avoid using excessive amounts of vulgar language when interacting with your clanmates.
+ Always use English in clan chat.

## What is the Strike System?
- Clan members get 4 strikes before they are put on the kick list.
- Strikes are available in the clan specific channel for strikes. You will be tagged when a new strike is added. You can also run !strikes to check your own strikes at anytime.
- Strikes reset monthly after season reset. Donation/Request related strikes of the next month are accounted for in the previous season before resetting to prevent members from slacking with d/r repeatedly.
  - For example, you have 2 strikes in Jan 2022 for missing both d and r minimum. In Feb 2022, you only got 1 strike for only missing d minimum but got 1 strike for missing war. You will have 4 strikes at the end of feb, with only the donation strike carrying to march.
- Please note we only use strikes as a reference point to gauge inactivity. Leadership reserves to have the right to remove any member if they are deemed to be doing the minimum continuously, if the member is not being a team player or if they're the most inactive out of their respective townhall and is affecting FWA matchmaking.

### Strikes are given for:
{:.no_toc}
**FWA Attack Related**:
- Not Attacking in War
- Failure to follow war plan. (1 starring mirror instead of 2/3 starring, 3 starring on loss)
- Hitting #1 & #2 when you're not supposed to.

**Clan Minimums related**:
- Not getting the minimum donations and requests per season.
- Not getting the 1000 clan game points minimum.

**Miscellaneous**:
- Did not complete attacks during raid weekends. (Should be at 6/6, verbal warnings will be given once if at 5/5)
- Not fixing errors in FWA base after being notified within 24 hours.
- Being reported for wrong donations in the clan.
- Not switching your base during blacklisted wars.
- Not attacking in blacklisted wars.
- Lingering in the CWL clan for too long.

**Insta-kicks are given for**:
{:.no_toc}
- Not having FWA base active
- Donating troops to FWA CC
- Disruption to the clan, *as per leader discretion

> <span style="color:#00adb5; font-size:1.25em; font-weight:bold"> **The code for new members applying is "Hi Boo. Bye Boo"**</span><br>
> You may DM it to me now
> Please apply in-game with  "Hi Boo. Bye Boo".

## Promotions

**Members can be promoted to Elder if**:
- They have been in the clan for more than three months.
- They maintain donations 4x above the minimum (~1000/week).
- They show strong knowledge and adherence to clan rules.
- Members who are getting noticed as actively requesting and donating may be promoted during CWL week to help.

**Members can be promoted to Co-Leader if**:
- They have earned the trust of clan leadership. 
- They are an active and stable elder in good standing.
- They are in the clan for a minimum of six months.
- They are regularly active and participate as a part of the community on Discord.
- They must demonstrate the ability to reliably respond to messages and DMs quickly, within reason.

*Promotion to elder is majorly based on requirements, but for Co-Leader, it is based on the responsibility in addition to the requirements.*

**Promotion to FWA Rep**:

- ***Based on Leader's discretion***
- They are available to help out with syncs.
- They are willing to install and use the app BAND.
- They must be able to start wars across a range of times.
- They must not leak FWA sync times to others.
- They must Participate in our Co-leader chat re: the clan and any rule changes, clan talk, etc.

**This is different to a promotion to elder on discord, since you do not have leadership responsibilities.**


## Clan War Leagues: How and Where can I do it?

Our clan works with a few other clans in our discord to organize CWL in new separate clans. This allows us to run Lazy CWL at the same time as our FWA wars. Spots in CWL are first come, first served. Details for the current season including the approximate start time will be announced by @Leader OR @Co-Leads in the clan announcements channel on Discord. Enabling push notifications for that channel is recommended.

Interested members must thoroughly read the following document: [CWL Guidelines and Frequently Asked Questions](https://www.warsnipers.com/cwl "You agree to follow these rules whether you have read them or not" ). Once the announcement has been posted, you will need to join the clan in the message before the scheduled start time. Throughout the week, you will hop to your CWL clan (*Bookmark it*!) for attacks then immediately return to the main clan.

CWL participation is an optional perk for clan members, but it is also a privilege. Members may be banned from CWL or removed from the clan for any of the following reasons:
- Joining but not attacking in CWL, leading to a wasted spot
- Lingering excessively in the CWL clan
- Having a REAL war base set at any time
- Leaving for CWL after FWA war has ended and missing sync

We do not allow members to do CWL with outside clans. If you intend to leave for your own CWL you will lose your spot and have to reapply. There is no guarantee that you will be able to get back into one of our clans right away following the end of CWL, especially if you demonstrate that you will leave every season.

**Basic Guidelines**:
1. We will be doing CWL and regular FWA wars at the same time so you need to keep your FWA war base active *AT ALL TIME*.
2. You will be hopping between the clans to do your FWA and CWL attacks and make sure you join back before each FWA sync.
3. It is YOUR responsibility to make sure you don't miss any regular FWA sync. DO NOT LEAVE CLAN BETWEEN FWA WAR ENDS & NEXT SYNC!
4. Stay in WS2.0 most of the time and ONLY go to CWL clan to do attacks. DO NOT STAY IN CWL CLAN.
5. To get the max amount of medals, you'll need to score at least 8 stars over 7 wars
6. Hit your mirror. Exception is when other attack your mirror **OR** the lower town-halls fails their attack.

**CWL Bonus**:
- CWL Bonus is given to clan members based on multitude of factors: clan activity, war attacks, clan games, capital raids, donations/requests. We try to avoid giving it to the same member twice in a row.

## Can I bring an alt to the clan?

Members may be allowed to bring in an alt by the discretion of leadership. The minimum requirements are as follows:
  + You must be in the clan for an extended time, alts will generally not be taken on first join or within the first month of membership.
  + You must be in good standing with the clan. If you have not met the activity requirements or have missed too many wars in the past few seasons, you will not be allowed to bring in an alt.
  + Your account must meet the eligibility requirements set by the server.
  + Your alt will be subject to the same activity requirements as your main. Either account may be removed from the clan if it is not meeting the requirements.
  
  During Raid Weekend:
  + If you're an Elder or Co-Leader in the clan, one can bring the alts for clean ups.
 
 ## Responsibilities of Elders
 - During CWL Week, you are required to accept the clan members who will be hopping in between the CWL clan and the main clan.
 - You do not accept or reject players other than the CWL week.
 ---

**These rules are subject to be changed at any time at the discretion of the Leaders.**

Thank you for reading. We hope to see you in 2.0 soon. 

---
 ## Who are the Clan Leaders?
**[Lead] Branga (Branga#5638 on Discord)** is the Clan Leader.
**[Co] Ghost (gh0stf4ce2.0 on Discord)**, **[Co] Owen(._.owen on Discord)**, **[Lead]Thxbault (thxbault on Discord)**, **[Lead] Justin (feelslikejustin on Discord)** are the clan Co-Leaders.

The best way to contact leadership is to @ mention their Discord username in the discord clan specific chat. Try not to private message them directly unless it is private matter. 

This is the quickest way to get an answer to any questions you may have. Messages posted in in-game chat will be missed.

---
## Clan Leaders till date

Lord Kratos
God
GoldenKing
Bear Sheriff
King Mitch

---



