---
layout: single
permalink: /clans/2G
title: War Snipers 2.G 
date: 2021-08-29T18:00:00-00:00
toc: true
toc_label: "Clan Info and FAQ"
author_profile: true
author: WilliamLC
classes: wide
categories: 
  - Clan Pages
tags:
  - 2.G
---

Clan Level 28 #298VGUJ2
([Open In-Game](https://link.clashofclans.com/en?action=OpenClanProfile&tag=298VGUJ2)) ([Open Clash of Stats](https://www.clashofstats.com/clans/war-snipers-2.g-298VGUJ2/members/))

***

# What is expected of me as a member of the clan?

1. Must have a minimum of 100 troops donated and 100 troops requested per week, adding up to 500 of each per season.

	- **Be careful and read all requests before donating.** If you mistakenly donate a wrong troop, own up to it immediately. Accidents happen, but if you are doing so repeatedly and maliciously, you will be removed from the clan and possibly be unable to join any other War Snipers clan in our Discord.

	- **If you receive a troop that is not in your request, report it immediately** - regardless of whether you can identify the donator. If it happens more than once, please bring it to the attention of a Leader in #ws2g-chat on Discord.

	- **Please be specific with your troop requests.** If you do not wish to use the in-game feature to request a specific composition, you may list the troops you want or ask for “Any Ground” or “Any Air”. If at all possible, please do not request just any!

2. Must earn a minimum of 500 points from the monthly Clan Games.

3. Must follow war attacking instructions and attack as directed by the clan mail.
	+  **On a win war:**
		- **First Attack:** *Three star mirror*
		- **Second Attack:** *Loot any base for 1 or 2 stars* OR *Wait until 8 hours or less remain to cleanup for 3 stars*
		- **If attacking late (After 8h):** *Three star any base that has not already been 3 starred* OR If all bases have already been cleared, *Attack mirror for 3 stars anyway, loot as normal*

	+  **On a loss war:**
		- **First Attack:** *Two star mirror*
		- **Second Attack:** *Loot any base for 1 star* OR *Wait until 8 hours or less remain to cleanup for 2 stars*
		- **If attacking late (After 8h):** *Two star any base that has not already been 2 starred* OR If all bases have already been cleared, *Attack mirror for 2 stars anyway, loot as normal*

	+ **On a blacklisted or mismatched war:**
		- **Switch to REAL war base** during Prep Day, **switch back to FWA** once War Day has started.
		- Use resources posted in the Discord 2.G Announcenents channel, if available.
		- **Use both attacks** to claim 2 or 3 stars from war bases as directed in the announcements channel.

	+ Failing war attacks due to disconnections will not be counted against you, however failing due to bringing an improper army will. If you're unsure how to 3 star a FWA base effectively and efficiently, watch your other clanmates replays, and if necessary, request a friendly challenge so you can practice.
		- Repeatedly over or understarring will result in removal from the clan.
	
4. Must notify leadership if unable to play Clash for any period of time.
	+ Regardless of reason, you must notify leadership in #ws2g-chat on discord or in a DM (Direct Message) to the Leader, if you're more comfortable doing that.
		- Preferably, please give notice in advance if possible.
		- You may remain in the clan and will be excused if you will be or have been inactive for less than 10 days.
		- If you will be inactive for longer than 10 days, you may lose your spot.
		- If you have been inactive without notice for an extended period of time, you may be removed from the clan at any time and without warning, by the discretion of leadership.

5. Must follow all applicable rules and Terms of Services for Discord and Supercell in-game and in the server while you are a member of the clan.
	+ Toxicity and harrasment of any form will not be tolerated.

***

# I want to participate in SCCWL, where and how can I do that?
Our clan works with a couple other clans in our discord to organize CWL in satellite clans. This allows us to run Lazy CWL concurrently with our FWA wars. Spots are first come, first served, so if you miss your chance, there is nothing we can do about it. Details for the current season will be announced around 24-48 hours before CWL signups start.

CWL participation is entirely optional, so if you wish to opt-in, follow the instructions provided in the announcements channel. Participants are required to read and understand the following document (<https://tiny.cc/cwlhelp>) and be prepared to follow all rules. We reserve the right to ban anyone from CWL and/or deny you bonus medal eligibility for any of the following reasons:
- Joining but not attacking in CWL, leading to a wasted spot.
- Taking too long to return from CWL.
- Missing FWA attacks while not missing CWL attacks.
- Going over to the CWL clan without finishing your FWA attacks if instructed to do so.

You may participate in CWL with your own clan, however there are conditions.
+ You must be in good standing with the clan. If you have not met the activity requirements or have missed too many wars in the past season, you will not be allowed to leave for CWL.
+ You must follow all CWL participation rules as if you were doing CWL with us:
	- FWA base must be left up for the whole duration of CWL
	- Must spend most of your time in the main clan, only hopping to your CWL clan for CWL attacks, then returning immediately.
	- Must not miss any FWA attacks during the week.

If choose to participate in CWL without returning to the main clan for FWA wars, your spot will be filled and you will have to reapply. You may or may not be able to rejoin 2.G or join another War Snipers clan right away following the end of CWL.

***

# Who are the clans leaders and how can I reach them?

[Lead] WilliamLC (WilliamLC#8374), [Lead] Justin (Justin#1676), and [Co] Queen Do / Interesse (petervdb#0348)

The best way to contact leadership is to @ mention their Discord username in #ws2g-chat or message them directly.

This is the quickest way to get an answer to any questions you may have. Most messages in in-game chat will be missed.

***

# I'm interested in helping out the clan as an Elder or Co, what do I need to know?
Players who are getting noticed as actively requesting and donating will be promoted to Elder mostly during CWL week.

As an elder:
- When you're online, please accept any members returning from CWL who have included "back" "cwl" or similar in their join request.
- Do not invite any players who are not members of the clan without permission.
- Never EVER kick a player, please report any issues directly to leadership and allow them to handle any situations that arise.
	
Promotion to Co:
- You must be a stable and active member who has been with the clan for a minimum of 3-6 months.
- You must be regularly active in and participate as a part of the community on Discord.
- You must demonstrate the ability to reliably respond to messages and DMs quickly, within reason.
	
Promotion to FWA Rep:
- Must be willing to install and use the app BAND
- Must be available to start wars across a range of times
- Must not leak FWA sync times to non-reps

***

# I would like to bring an alt account into the clan
Members may be allowed to bring in an alt by the discretion of leadership. The minimum requirements are as follows:
+ You must be in the clan for an extended time, alts will generally not be taken on first join or within the first month of membership.
+ You must be in good standing with the clan. If you have not met the activity requirements or have missed too many wars in the past few seasons, you will not be allowed to bring in an alt.
+ Your account must meet the eligibility requirements set by the server (currently TH11+, max TH10 troops, 15k Friend in Need, not-overly-rushed defenses)
+ Your alt will be subject to the same activity requirements as your main. Either account may be removed from the clan if it is not meeting the requirements.

